Add co/co2_threshold documentation (#32810)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/homekit.markdown

              type: string
              default: libopus
              available options: copy, libopus
            co_threshold:

>               description: Only for `sensor` entities with `device_class` `carbon_dioxide` or `co2` in `entity_id`. Used as the threshold value once HomeKit will warn/notify the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              description: Only for `sensor` entities with `device_class` `carbon_monoxide` or `co` in `entity_id`. Used as the threshold value once HomeKit will warn/notify the user.
```
Copy paste error? Should this be carbon monoxide and co in this line? The title says `co_threshold`

              required: false
              type: integer
              default: 25
            co2_threshold:

>               description: Only for `sensor` entities with `device_class` `carbon_monoxide` or `co` in `entity_id`. Used as the threshold value once HomeKit will warn/notify the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              description: Only for `sensor` entities with `device_class` `carbon_dioxide` or `co2` in `entity_id`. Used as the threshold value once HomeKit will warn/notify the user.
```
